Add connectionTimeout option to MSSQL connector (#2693)
evidence-dev/evidence: sites/docs/pages/core-concepts/data-sources/index.md

The `encrypt` option indicates whether SQL Server uses SSL encryption for all data sent between the client and server if the server has a certificate installed. Necessary for Azure databases.

#### Connection Timeout

> The `connectionTimeout` option indicates the time, in milliseconds, that a query can run before it is terminated. It defaults to 15000 ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `connection_timeout` option indicates the time, in milliseconds, that a query can run before it is terminated. It defaults to 15000 ms.
```
